Update VCS troubleshooting anchor targets (#1736)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/vcs/troubleshooting.html.md

1. Obtain the [oauth-token IDs](../api/oauth-tokens.html) for the old and new OAuth clients.
1. [List all workspaces](../api/workspaces.html#list-workspaces) (dealing with pagination if necessary), and use a JSON filtering tool like `jq` to make a list of all workspace IDs whose `attributes.vcs-repo.oauth-token-id` matches the old VCS connection.
1. Iterate over the list of workspaces and [PATCH each one](../api/workspaces.html#update-a-workspace) to use the new `oauth-token-id`.

> 1. [List all registry modules](../../registry/api.html#list-modules) and use their `source` property to determine which ones came from the old VCS connection.

Author: I couldn't decide whether this should link to the registry-modules API instead, i.e.:

```suggestion
1. [List all registry modules](../api/modules.html#list-registry-modules-for-an-organization) and use their `vcs-repo` property to determine which ones came from the old VCS connection.
```

The original intent certainly appeared to be to link to the Modules API, but it seems like registry-modules makes more sense given our "Atlas as a source of truth" point of view.
